Three days, why don't you say three months?
You are kidding
No, I'm a medical PhD.
I can't even see the problem
You're a watchdog, you can tell
I'm afraid you're not trying to surprise my buck teeth, are you?
kid
I really thought I, Sun Zhifei, was bluffing
Who are you scaring with this?
Lin Zhaoyuan
Get this watchdog away from me now
How embarrassing
None of your business.
Mr. Du, he offended us, but it's nothing
But he is going to offend Yin Dong
The Blue Rock Group joke?
The lord is awake
Guest please come in
The identity of that kid is obviously wrong
For a consideration
I don't think we should let him in
Dirty you for him again
Sun Zhifei, shut up for me
Oh, hahahaha.
Hello, I'm Lu Zhaoyue, president of Blue Cloud Group.
This is Xiao Fan.
Although it's just my company's security guard
But his medical skills were brilliant.
I specially hired to treat the leader
What kind of disease can a security guard treat me?
Can you take responsibility if something goes wrong?
I can afford it.
You can afford it.
Remember what you said and go
How is the third master
Let's all go in and wait for the result